Get a Free MRI Review With 99% Diagnostic Accuracy.
    Get a 1:1 meeting with our founder and head neurosurgeon, Dr. Ara Deukmedjian, combining an MRI review with our patented diagnostic protocol to uncover the true sources of your pain right from the comfort of your home.

6000+ Successful Procedures
99% Average Pain Relief Rate
95% Success Rate In Eliminating Pain

Start Your Free MRI Review Process.
To make a proper assessment, we needbothyourMRI images (in DICOM format only)and yourMRI report, that areless than 18 months old. If you have a physical copy, you can send it over after filling out the form.

Avoid Being Misdiagnosed.
You've been living with back or neck pain, searching for answers, but nothing seems to work. Maybe you've been told your MRI looks fine, or you've undergone treatments that fail to address the root cause of the pain.

Most diagnostic methods miss the mark because they don't identify the real sources of pain  what we call pain generators. At the Deuk Spine Institute we've discovered 30 distinct causes of chronic back pain and another 30 different ones for neck pain. Most patients have multiple pain generators, with an average of four. Unless all pain generators are properly diagnosed and treated, the pain persists.

Our founder, Dr. Deukmedjian, is a world-renowned spine surgeon who has helped thousands of patients uncover and treat these pain generators.

As Dr. Deuk is famous for saying, MRI scans don't tell you where pain comes from; patients do. That's why he pioneered the patented Deuk Spine Exam, a process that combines an MRI review with advanced diagnostics. This innovative approach delivers unmatched diagnostic accuracy, and offers a clear path toward a pain-free life.
Take the first step toward relief by claiming your free MRI review today. Dont risk another day of unnecessary pain. Thousands have gone before you.
Best,

Dr. Ara J. Deukmedjian


Here's What Next:
1. Submit Your MRI - Explain your pain and securely upload your MRI through our form.
2. Join A 1:1 Consultation - Meet with Dr. Deuk for a personalized Deuk Spine Exam.
3. Get a Clear Diagnosis - Receive a 99% accurate diagnosis with a clear plan towards relief.

Its Not Worth Living In Pain.
Get A Free MRI Review : https://deukspine.com#mri-page-hero
Check Our Client Results : https://deukspine.com/patient-experience
